applications: asset_tracker_v2: combine cloud provider section (#3952)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/asset_tracker_v2/README.rst

Setup
=====

The application is designed to support communication with different cloud services, a single service at a time.
Currently, the application supports Amazon Web Services IoT Core cloud service and the following technologies in the cloud connection:

* `MQTT <AWS IoT MQTT_>`_
* `TLS`_
* :ref:`FOTA <nrf9160_ug_fota>`

`Azure support for Asset Tracker v2`_ is currently under implementation.

Setting up the Asset Tracker Cloud Example for AWS
--------------------------------------------------

The application is compatible with the `Asset Tracker Cloud Example for AWS`_, which is an open source reference implementation of a serverless backend for an IoT product.
To set up the application to work with the Asset Tracker Cloud Example for AWS, see the `Getting started guide for Asset Tracker Cloud Example for AWS`_.

> Once you have finished the setup, provide its broker hostname to the firmware using the :option:`CONFIG_AWS_IOT_BROKER_HOST_NAME` Kconfig option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have finished the setup, you must provide the broker hostname to the firmware using the :option:`CONFIG_AWS_IOT_BROKER_HOST_NAME` Kconfig option.
```

> Configure the secTag using the :option:`CONFIG_AWS_IOT_SEC_TAG` Kconfig option, e.g. use the example's default of ``42``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure the secTag using the :option:`CONFIG_AWS_IOT_SEC_TAG` Kconfig option. For example, you can use the default value of ``42`` that is used in the Asset Tracker Cloud Example for AWS .
```
